Revise and expand on 'Component Model Concepts' section and its subsections (#286)
bytecodealliance/component-docs: component-model/src/design/components.md

# Components

> Conceptually, a component is a self-describing unit of code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Conceptually, a component is a self-describing WebAssembly binary
```

  to describe these types, so it's easier to understand
  what functionality a module provides
  and what functionality it relies on.
* _Interacts_: When a component interacts with other components,
  that means either that it calls a function defined in a different component,
  or that another component calls a function defined in it.
  Interfaces specify what kinds of function calls are valid.
* _Shared memory_: In the ["Why the Component Model?"](./why-component-model.md) section,
  we showed how WebAssembly core modules can only exchange compound data
  through shared memory.
  Components use memory in the same way that core modules do,
  except that in components, memories are never exported or imported;
  they are not shared.

Logically, a component is a structure
that may contain core modules and/or other components.
The component encodes the interfaces of these contained
modules and sub-components using [WIT](./wit.md).

The on-disk representation of a component
is a specially-formatted WebAssembly file.
Internally, this file could include representations
of one or many traditional ("core") WebAssembly modules
and sub-components,
`composed` via their imports and exports.

> Two modules or components can be composed if the

Author: Changed in [59430a8](https://github.com/bytecodealliance/component-docs/pull/286/commits/59430a81baa83843506dba583b26c13961522d8a)
